<b> Day 26 </b>

I feel more focused today.  Not happy that I didn't get as much done this week after I completed the FCC Responsive Web Design Certification but I think I pushed so hard on those last projects and it's easy to get distracted when there is so much to learn.  I spent time spinning my wheels looking at what I should do next instead of sticking to my "sorta" plan to go thru HTML CSS and Javascript.  

I also find it very easy to get distracted by Twitter.  Amazing to go from never using Twitter except to see what someone might have said about a topic I am interested in (what did Trump really say???) to feeling a need to read every tweet that comes up on my feed since I joined as part of #100 Days of Code.  I need to limit the amount of time I am on there...  it is a time suck as I get more and more people I follow or that follow me.  (Can't believe I have over 100 followers... geez).  

I've researched several different things lately related to my training goal...  some have been distractions, but some have been pretty interesting.  One I am looking at this morning is some training in Design ... signed up for the "free" training that is a 6 day email campaign which I am sure is going to lead to wanting me to sign up for a paid course.  But there seems to be some good info in the 6 day emails so I am catching up on those a bit.  I like the idea that I need to look for pages I like and actually define what I like about them and then see how I can apply that to my own work. (That's all from Day 2).  I think this is something I can do during slack times at work.

I also saw a video this morning from Clever Programmer on YouTube that talked about the best languages to learn..  Python was #1 and Javascript #2.  Python is supposed to be very easy to learn so I am going to do some research on it and probably work on learning it when I get further along with the basics.  

In the meantime, I am going to focus on Javascript and do the Web Developer Bootcamp and FCC portions.  

